[Music]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is karsten
i forgot to review the previous footage
to see what we need to do next so let's
take a look
at events so we need to think up for
angels whisper
we need to we don't have any requests
pending
we probably have some things we can make
what should i make
i've been thinking about making one of
those but i need to make more bombs and
flame powder we'll come back to that
now let's see what else there's the
flame pat oh no
where's the flame powder somewhere
around here
still haven't made that still only have
three
natural oils and i need to use two of
them
so i can make that
[Music]
i need to make some of this
material should i eat let's go ahead and
do that i'll only have two of these
black orbs where do i get these
[Music]
i should get more of these because i
need them for a lot of stuff
this is in the husk forest
now that we'll go on a weapon
what does this do
increases all stats by eight but it
won't go on
a weapon
let's go ahead and make some of this and
get it queued up for synthesis
so
[Music]
now let's see
those are shaped pretty weird
so ideally i want to use things that
don't take up a lot of
space these are shaped kind of weird
too
let's sort this by quality
[Music]
i hmm i'll use that one
[Applause]
and
use one of these a couple of these i
guess
[Applause]
and we'll use that one that's really
okay
which cauldron is bad
[Music]
if we put that there this is good not
that it matters a whole lot for this
because there isn't anything
to enhance so this is great
[Music]
all right this is going
i just don't like to overwrite the uh
things i've already placed on general
principle
is this really okay
so uh quality 101
i'm good with that okay it's time to
finish
done what traits should i add now let's
see
attacking offense by five is good
[Music]
does that help no that doesn't do on
weapons i want things to go on weapons
and flick weak may be good
and foot slow may be good
that increases prices
that decreases prices
it does decrease duplication price
[Music]
might be tempted to get that but
i think i'd probably rather go with
inflict weak and inflict slow
yeah we'll go with that yeah this is all
[Music]
done
so can we make anything else of
note specifically
the flame powder no i need to get more
black orb
[Music]
and the black
was at that
[Music]
okay well first of all i need to wait
until morning
no good as i figured hey blocter what
are you doing
ah sophie i was trying to use alchemy
wait really hey so what did you make
this is rather embarrassing but it
didn't go very well
oh really but i thought you were a
really amazing alchemist
yes i was however it seems i can't use
alchemy in this body
could it be because you weren't in a
real human body
that is likely the case this body has
difficulties guiding the power of nature
the power of nature oh right you said
before
that's the power you use when you turn
materials into other things
yes however this is a problem there's
something i wanted to make with alchemy
i see then maybe i could make it for you
instead
really that would be very helpful i'll
give you the recipe please do your best
yeah just leave it to me
i'll make drive guide
[Music]
okay
hexaorus
huh do i have a guest which i do of
course we answer the door
sophie this is from me as thanks for
always helping
received a thank you gift please use it
however you like
i'll be going home now
island fish fin all right
[Music]
okay so i'm gonna make that
but first i do want to
register
[Music]
oh we got an event there
hello cory wait is this
yes it's the charm that i mentioned
before the customer visited a little
while ago and left it with me
huh looks like a wooden box what could
it be
there's something that appears to be a
switch but i couldn't press it
ah this you're right it's stuck in place
and won't move
there seems to be a small machine inside
wow there's tiny gears in here it's
almost like a clock
what could it possibly be
if only we could press the switch i
think we need a specialist who
understands this kind of thing
i guess i need to search for someone
i'll try looking too thank you i can't
leave my store now so
please take this box with you i got it
i'll hold on to it
received machine box now then who would
know about this
gee it's like a clock i wonder who would
know about that
sophie perfect timing what is it
i actually have something to tell you
about the item refills
i was always doing for you i'm going to
reduce the price now
wait really yes your items are
always helpful when we go outside so
this is my thanks
i see thank you i'll keep counting on
you too
[Music]
price of automatic refills has been
reduced which is nice and all but i'd
really like to be able to have more
things registered
okay so
16 of those
i have nine of those well not 12.
so i guess the stall metal is the one
that i need to
register over
this i can't
are you okay what
okay
[Music]
so now that we've got that done we'll be
able to use it to make weapons and such
which we'll do in a bit let's get this
cut scene out of the way
i've received a request insisting that
you make some clothes amelia
how many times do i have to tell you i'm
not amelia i'm leon
you've got the wrong girl no the client
who made the request recognize you
they said you are most definitely amelia
oh really
then refuse them i don't feel like
working for them
[Music]
but just leave
leon ah sophie welcome what do you need
today
and it's your real name amelia
oh you're watching you're always there
at the most inconvenient times
that's right my name my real name is
emilia landmeyer
i'm the amazing clothier who won the
fashion show in adelaide
and is just an alias i don't want people
to know who i am
although in the end it didn't really
help
but why lan
[Music]
sorry but i don't want to talk about it
maybe i shouldn't ask
okay well they kind of strongly implied
that at that other cut scene so let's
see the next shop we need to go
to let's see about some weapons
[Music]
looks like you've gotten pretty strong
sophie huh
you can tell i can tell somewhat from
the condition of your weapons
and your appearance i see
i'm happy about that yeah it should be
fine telling you about this now
about what if you go north from this
town
you'll find an underground lake you can
collect great oars and minerals there
you might be able to use them as
materials for alchemy too
huh there's a place like that but
why are you telling me now there are
pretty dangerous monsters there
you need to be pretty strong to go there
or you'd be in real danger
i think you'd be fine going there now
though
i see i just have a feeling you'd be
okay
you could even go there to test your
strength okay
thank you very much
learned location of underground lake
we're getting all the cutscenes
hello lochie audrey might know something
about the machine box
of course he won't need something
i wanted you to take a look at this so
it's largely the machine box
do you know what this is i thought you
might be familiar with things like this
hmm this is the switch doesn't seem to
move
do you know anything about it i'm a
blacksmith i work with metals but
i don't know much about precise machines
like this i might figure out something
if i could take it apart
but i'd probably end up breaking
something this delicate i see
sorry i couldn't be of any help no it's
okay thank you for looking
yeah we already know who we need to talk
to about that i just want to make a
weapon
ah sophie there's something i wanted to
ask you why are you using alchemy
why the sudden question well i was just
curious
you don't see many people using this
power why'd you start using it
[Music]
at first i was just copying what my
grandma did but when i started working
with it and helping other people using
alchemy it started becoming more and
more fun
lately i've been wanting to make lots of
people happy using alchemy
that's a really straightforward reason
huh it is
yeah i think it's admirable oh stop
you're embarrassing me
by the way why did you decide to become
a blacksmith logie
me my dad was a blacksmith so that's my
reason it's pretty simple
i see but i actually want to make
weapons so that people can travel
so that people can travel yeah i
traveled to all kinds of places saw
beautiful scenery and met great people
but many of the roads were dangerous if
i make weapons that are easy to handle
people who aren't very strong would be
much safer when traveling my goal is to
make weapons that allow
people to travel whenever they want with
peace of mind
watchy stream is really wonderful
[Music]
and it's interrupting my goal to get
weapons finally i've got
okay what weapon do you want to make
okay do any of these need okay that one
does but i don't need it for him
i need an ice bomb to make hers
[Music]
need a black orb and spruce to make hers
okay so i need to go and get more black
orbs i can make spruce
and i definitely need to go to wherever
that place is to get black orbs
i'll get the clock
thing later
[Music]
let's see if there's anything in here i
need to
it's worth picking up welcome which
request will you accept
well those are all crafting things i'll
see you
so let's go to the world map
[Music]
that'd be the
all the new places we heard about all
right where to
and it was husk forest
look over there
mp recovered by ten okay well
always happens when i don't really need
it
but okay
are the black orbs here or
i think they are so i will
use that
[Music]
i thought they were here
oh yeah there we go
[Music]
they're annoyingly rare here though
i need like a bunch
i don't need bones i need black orbs
well that's exhausted the supply of
materials here
i guess i can see if the what's our
destination
other new places have any of them i'll
just drop these off since i have to go
past there anyway
actually i don't need to do that i can't
well
it's almost there anyway we don't have
to use the escape thing
just hop in here real quick
oh who could that be yes
[Music]
leon hey sophie can you come take a
little walk with me
oh sure i don't mind
sophie do you have any dreams
i do i want people i want to become an
alchemist like my grandma and help lots
of people
that's a wonderful dream sounds just
like you to be honest i had a dream too
your dream could you tell me about it
[Music]
yeah my dream was to become the top club
here in my country
wait and that means you reached your
dream land that's really amazing
i thought so at first too huh what do
you mean
i worked like crazy and finally won the
fashion show i became the top
cliffhanger in my country and fulfilled
my dream
but i found nothing there i'd reached my
dream but i wasn't satisfied at all
so i started thinking what was the dream
i had been working towards for all this
time
what was the point of all the work i had
done up until then
thinking about it just made me disgusted
about everything i threw away the name
amelia and set out on a journey
i see sophie
i'm not trying to deny your dream or
anything like that but i really wonder
what exactly is a dream
the wind's getting kind of chilly we
should leave soon okay
thanks for coming with me today sophie
i'll see you again
[Music]
i didn't seem very happy dreams huh
that's a difficult question
[Music]
and back to happy music
all right
where can we go next let's see
let's check out the underground lake
and assuming we don't die horribly see
if it has anything useful
i'm gonna go ahead and use one of those
oh idea
[Music]
snowflake crystal can be synthesized
okay
[Music]
let's see i don't want to go over where
is it there it is
[Applause]
[Music]
nope crap get ready for a fight
now let's see how tough are these guys
i might be able to take them
i'll certainly give it a shot
[Music]
we're just doing a regular attack
on that one make sure that finishes one
of them off
[Music]
[Applause]
okay well yeah this should be no problem
[Music]
okay um
there is there we go
looks like all the stuff here is the
same mostly
[Music]
and let's see what's over here
more of that which is nice and all
but not what i'm really hoping for
i would like some variety
[Music]
ah there we go
um can i get past you please
and we'll check up here
i want to try to come back to here and i
should be using
this
[Music]
actually there's like four segments here
some more of those that's good
[Music]
oh there's a gold pony
this should be an easy fight
[Music]
[Applause]
i will gladly take that money
this looks easy let's end this quick
[Music]
hmm can't carry anymore
let's see that's
good water that's
[Music]
i'll drop that
this looks easy i'll take the money but
then i'm gonna have to go
i'll check in the other section for like
a
chest or something but
probably gonna have to just go
yeah we'll just get rid of that take a
quick peek
at what's here
a strong opponent is here
yeah well
i will have to
come back here another time probably
with a bigger basket
those aren't really spectacular
[Applause]
[Music]
but it's good to have some more black
orbs i'm not sure what the silver
crystals
if i need that many but some lake bottom
soil good water
good deal all right for right now let's
head back to the atlear
[Music]
what's wrong sophie why are you saying
it's about leon leon what about her
[Music]
well
i see so something like that happened
yeah man didn't seem very happy so i was
wondering if there was anything i can do
well i do have one idea
wait really what is it you could give
her a gift
you're happy when leon gave us clothes
right maybe you could return the favor
and show me your gratitude i see a gift
yeah that sounds good but what kind of
present
should it be i can't make clothes you
should just make something suitable for
something suitable for leon hmm
oh i know an accessory i'm sure an
accessory would be great for her
you're right that's not a bad idea i
just need to figure out what kind of
accessory to make
there's something i need to do before i
make a decision
what would that be well you see to make
something suitable for someone
you need to know them better i see she
said something along those lines
yep so first i'm going to see leon and
try to figure out some things
up try to figure some things out
well we will not necessarily do that
right now
snowflake crystal
okay what should i do let's see
that's a plot item
so i don't think the quality being low
is that big a deal
and it's getting to be late in the
recording session here
[Music]
i do need to make some spruce
but what i want to do also
is make
it's a synthesis item right uh yeah
flame powder that's right
what material should i use
so what we want is
we use that
[Music]
and
and sort by quality
[Music]
actually does that go
on yeah that will go on a weapon
and that will go on a weapon right yeah
[Music]
and let's see
don't necessarily need
yeah we'll do that one and
[Music]
[Applause]
and i guess that one
[Music]
[Applause]
right here we want to
we'll do that
and let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
and we'll do
[Music]
don't think i could reasonably do that
especially
since
it's only 34.
and even if i were to get
all that that wouldn't really bring it
up too high
so we'll use this let's start
[Music]
this is great that one there
yeah this is good
[Music]
[Applause]
and let's see
hmm
all right this is going well
this is great do that actually
this should go here
and that there to bring that up
so i can do that not perfect
is this really okay do you get up to 150
um yeah
that's fine and what traits should i add
yeah let's see we have a lot of choices
here
[Music]
damage absorb
and
i think
inflict slow is the only thing that
might go on
wait no we're doing this for a um
we're not doing this for a weapon we're
doing this for a
bomb so we want effective versus many
we want maybe destruction
[Applause]
up
[Music]
yeah that won't go on an attack item
kerry's seat can go on attack on we'll
do that yeah this is all done
now that we've done that we need to make
[Music]
a bomb because i'm going to be making
this
so we need to make a bomb which material
should i choose
do that one and
that one i guess
actually do i have use count of more
than one
don't think so
quality up that one might be good
because mainly i'm doing this for
quality actually so
yeah we'll do that in one of these
[Music]
okay i'll try it
it's going great all right this looks
great
actually let's do
[Music]
hmm
this would be best here start out with
that
it's going great put that in there
all right this looks great that's
[Music]
it's going great yeah add that there
and
[Applause]
i guess that there will this go well
okay yeah that's fine what traits should
i add
now we want to do we'll do increase use
count
uh quality up
and
how's this yeah fixed power
[Music]
now we'll make this
and let's see
sort this by category value
and throw that one in i guess
actually let's see we'll do that
and that
and one of those
[Music]
[Applause]
will this go well and one of those i
guess
um interesting
i'll try this here
let's see
i'll try this here do that one there
oh this reaction is interesting
let's do that
it's going great get that there
[Music]
um
if i do
it's going great put that one there
actually
then i can put
going great that one there
and that there i guess
let's see though hmm
[Music]
now which cauldron okay i'll try it
what can i do with this being able to
flip them i can do stuff like that
and that
[Music]
[Applause]
wow
i've decided this material goes here oh
this reaction is interesting
[Music]
now that's not gonna do a whole lot will
this go well
[Music]
no that's even worse
okay i'll try it we'll go with this i
guess
this would be best here
[Music]
those
wow this looks kind of amazing
all right this looks great stack that
there all right this looks great and
that into their
no that won't work
[Music]
if we put
this would be best here
i'll try this here trying to figure out
where we can stack these up
[Music]
it's going great
i feel like something great will happen
now if we start there
actually
[Music]
wow this looks kind of amazing right
this looks great and put that there and
it's still not outstanding
what traits should i do
all right let's see what can we do here
let's see if we can get use count one
fixed power no
we want
effective versus mini increased by seven
[Music]
percent
heat continuous damage or
count plus one
um is this really okay i think i'll go
with count plus one
oh right it's done
[Music]
okay so that's done and holy crap we're
like almost 45 minutes
so i'm going to equip that
before i forget i have it take the place
of the puny missile
can anyone else equip oh you already
have a puny missile
can you equip a puni missile no
[Music]
how about you probably not of course not
all right well that's it for right now
hope you enjoy thanks for watching
sorry for the length and i will see you
next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play athlete or
sophie my name is karsten
we got a little distracted by doing some
crafting when we're middle of like
three quests right now so let's go ahead
and continue with the crafting that i
was going to make i needed to make an
ice bomb
for one of the weapons
[Music]
so let's see now we can't put weapon
specific stuff on here anyway
so i don't think it matters too much
what we do let's just pick
something that's i guess good quality
[Music]
ooh that's nice stuff on there i don't
want to use that that won't even carry
over
um
yeah that's fine and
[Music]
yeah that's fine
uh good water um
damage absorb plus plus nice
uh let's see do some of that
[Music]
hmm
some of these have nice things though
we'll do that i guess and yeah that
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start it doesn't matter too
much since this is mainly for weapon use
yeah good
this isn't bad yeah
this looks good sure that's fine
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
now what trades to transfer
[Music]
which of these can go on a weapon
probably inflict slow
[Applause]
probably not a whole lot else should
have had of course quality on there well
though it's already 100 quality so
i don't think anything else here i mean
that technically can
go on a weapon
[Music]
is this okay ours increased sure
not that it really matters a whole lot
for this
okay so that's gonna be going on that
weapon that we need to make
and we needed to make also
some spruce what material should i use
[Music]
quality already sorted by quality
uh sure we'll do that
and we'll do one of those really okay
which cauldron is bad
okay then let's start i think something
good will happen
yeah this is good this is great
all right this is going well
actually let's see
i just don't feel like
i think something good will happen
overwriting anything
just on general principle
is this really okay yeah that's okay
what traits to transfer
yeah we want this for a weapon
[Music]
so that can go on there
do quality up i don't think anything
else will work
on a weapon
[Music]
i will do that
yeah that's okay
now we also need to for plot reasons
i should make one of those but it's not
that big a deal
now for plot reasons we need to make
[Music]
this what material should i use
take a couple of those
[Music]
um
i guess that
one of those really doesn't matter for
is this really okay plot reason things
generally speaking
which cauldron is back okay then what
this goes here
all right i think something good will
happen
yeah this is going great oh that's a
fancy one
uh all right this is going well
all right this is going what i think
something good will happen
i think something good will happen
[Music]
yeah ponies ruin everything um
let's put it over there i guess is this
really okay
quality 11 wow all right
now
what traits to transfer
[Music]
is this okay sure okay it's finished
level up
and i'm sure we'll get a cut scene here
shortly
[Music]
yes let's give that to you and hope you
don't care that it's
really pathetic quality
i made the item you wanted really
thank you very much sophie now i'll be
able to fight as well played
fight i'll test it out please wait a
little while
[Music]
what the heck is that it's an alchemic
drive weapon
it's designed to move as i will it too
alchemic
drive
yes it's linked to this bracelet and
allows easy transmission of movement
data
still this degree of perfection is
beyond my expectations
very well done sophie um
i have no idea what you were talking
about can you tell me what this is
was that difficult to understand to put
it simply
you made a weapon for me to fight um
really that was a weapon but why do you
suddenly want to fight
well perhaps it's because i feel uneasy
remember that memory about me fighting
something
i've had a feeling of uneasiness ever
since i remembered it
what if i have to fight whatever it was
again
i realized this is a rather absurd fear
but
i simply wanted to be prepared
i didn't know yes also
sophie i'll be able to go gathering with
you now too
huh really you've been helping me this
much
it's the least i could do to repay you
okay
yay you're very welcome to come with me
i'm excited to go gathering with you
plata it'll be fun
[Music]
all right knew that was coming
eventually
since like her fighting is in some of
the
screenshots on the uh store page so
a little bit of a spoiler there i guess
however uh ye
we need to get rid of harold because i
don't care
uh remove that and that and that
that that that
[Music]
now how is plot
stat wise
[Applause]
not outstanding
[Music]
in fact land
might be a better frontline fighter
[Music]
[Applause]
so we'll do that
now let's go here
we do need to make sure she has some
good
equipment so
oh yeah and i keep forgetting to
[Music]
equip these don't i
uh let me do that on her
that's a lot of speed so actually we
should probably put that on leon
hmm
yeah we'll do that and
give clock to these two
now she can use all sorts of things so
we definitely want to refuel bottle
and the puny missile
[Music]
um
let's see
craft and a lightning bomb and
alchemy drops
[Applause]
so super sweet versus sweet
i guess we'll do that one
[Music]
uh
maybe put one of these in
yeah i guess i'll throw one of these in
so actually compare that to
now we don't want to do that
okay we'll go with that configuration
for right now
you might need to make some more stuff
to get her
weapons now can i get to the street
in time to
make some armor for her maybe although
i'll run into some cut scenes no doubt
now over here though
[Music]
have you filled up yes you have so we'll
grab some of those
and some more of those and some more of
those
and some more of those just so we have a
ton of them
[Music]
um
i won't refresh those i mainly made
those for that one item
so i can probably get rid of those now
over here
[Music]
hello leon welcome sophie what do you
need today
leon to be honest i wanted to ask you a
few questions
ask me like what well i wanted to know
what kind of accessories you like
why are you asking all of a sudden no
big reason did you just tell me
let's see when it comes to accessories i
like bridges the most
i was wearing a bridge the first time i
entered high society so
i like them since then hi society wait
does that mean your family is actually
super rich
well not ridiculously rich but i was
always interacting with people like that
the pretty clothes i'd always see and
where inspired me to become a clothier
i see okay then next question
[Music]
what you still have more lots more um
what's your favorite color
thank you so much i'm glad you told me
so many things
no problem it was fun talking about it
so why'd you ask me so many questions
that's a secret anyway i'll see you
later yeah come back anytime i'll be
looking forward to it
yeah but we need i have some new
merchandise now
yeah but do you actually have new
merchandise probably not
weightless shirt i'll stand enhanced
that's kind of cool
not outstanding but uh kind of cool
oh and you sell gold steel web
interesting
[Music]
anyway what we need to do here though is
craft some armor
[Music]
for sure
so i guess wanderer's shirt is the best
we're gonna do
for plot materials should i use
these are all the same right yeah they
are
[Music]
and
we sort by quality
defense boost might be good
[Music]
parameters plus six might be good
in fact let's see about doing that
[Music]
and let's do another one of these though
and
defense super enhance actually let's
which material should i do that
[Music]
and that
and
there are there any traits you wanted to
have
is this okay it's done
it looks great
and let's do an enhance on it
[Music]
you're sure right
okay now we will equip
that on flockta
gives her reasonably decent stats
that's 83 how does that compare to lan
now leo still has better stats for as
far as defense and stuff
now we want to go to
[Music]
here
hello luchy oh welcome sophie
you seem pretty busy yeah but i just
found a good place to take a break
lately i've been getting a lot of
requests to repair things like farm
tools too so i've gotten pretty busy
[Music]
it's fine as long as i can handle it
myself but i might have to start getting
picky about the work i accept
i need to improve my skills so i can
finish my work faster
you're pretty popular logie
popular well i'm just glad business is
thriving
although i'd like to take a vacation
what would you do if you had time
naturally i'd go traveling isn't that
obvious
it sounds like you're always either
making weapons or traveling
that's all i need i really enjoy this
lifestyle
i see
i've got some new wear what are you
about yeah do you have any
interesting things here
yeah not really okay what
do you want what we can make for
[Music]
tell me which materials do you want to
make
one of these now let's see
damage absorb would be good
i don't think i have anything
i guess we use that one
choose the traits you want to add see we
want damage absorb
we want attack defense now
weak or slow
um
let's go with inflicting weak is this
all right
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
now we also need to make something for
plocta right we can make stuff for
plocta right yeah
tell me which materials to use so i'll
do this
[Music]
and that
um
let's use that one
what does golden radiance do
yeah price when selling
[Music]
i guess we'll do that just for the
quality choose the traits you want to
add
and we'll do attack boost now let's see
reduce the skill power by 10 reduces mp
consumption by 30.
i'll do i guess inflict slow
actually let's do this instead of
[Music]
we do want that
and we want that
but instead of that do we have a quality
enhance
i'm thinking it might not be worth
quality up plus that's choose the traits
you want to add
attack boost and if we do that that does
get up to 93.
uh yeah we'll go with that all right
it's done i think it's
this is a weapon for plata seeing how i
made it
i know this is weird to ask but what is
this
huh it's a bracelet i know it's a
bracelet but
how does a bracelet function as a weapon
just a minute i'll go call pocta
this is a necessary device to control
hexa hours
hexa hours this
what's that this bracelet is required to
control these arms
that's quite the amazing device
how does it work anyway using the power
of alchemy
i'm surprised you were able to make this
bracelet
creating this bracelet requires the
power of alchemy
so i asked sophie to make it for me wait
you did sophie
sorry however
the bracelet is functioning properly it
seems
lochie has some aptitude for alchemy
i do what do you think if you're
interested
would you like to try learning alchemy
with sophie
i'm happy for the offer but i'll pass i
really like the work i'm doing now
i see if you ever find yourself
interested
come to sophie's atlear you'd be welcome
anytime
yeah i'd welcome you too
thanks
all right now do we have enough time to
get to the clock shop
harold i'm here for a visit
huh fritz what are you doing in a place
like this
a place like this that's pretty rude
sorry well you see i was learning how to
make wind-up springs from harold
huh wind-up springs yes
after seeing placta i want to make dolls
that move as well
seeing how harold was the one to make
the springs i came to ask him how he
made them
fritz here is a natural he already
learned the basics
really that's amazing no harold's just
really good at teaching
not really well anyway now you should be
able to make simple springs yourself
i see then i suppose i'll go home and
give it a try
if there's something you can't figure
out come ask me again anytime
yeah i'll do that thanks
[Music]
if only i was that fast at learning huh
was fritz really that good at making
wind up springs
yeah he improved at a ridiculous speed
who exactly is that guy
[Music]
hmm harold's saying that much about him
he must have been really amazing
fritz is a really talented man
machine box harold might know about
things like this
what's wrong sophie why are you just
staring at me
oh um can you take a look at this what's
this
showed harold the machine box i thought
you might know what
this is hmm i do know what it is
but really yeah but it's broken in all
kinds of places it's also missing some
parts it won't work like this
i see and the switch won't move either
i'm harold do you think he can fix it
give me a second i think i can repair it
but
i can't replace the missing parts
then can you tell me what parts are
missing why
i can make them with alchemy you
really can do anything with alchemy
can't you just give me a minute
this should be everything that's missing
thank you harold
i'll go make them real fast sure i won't
be expecting anything though
[Music]
hurry deliver parts added all right well
we got something else to make
hope recipes precise parts
all right let's go back to the outlier
i'm back
welcome home did you learn anything yeah
lots
i'll start thinking about lion's present
now i see
what did you decide to make for i'm
thinking about making approach leon says
she likes those
i'll make it her favorite color but i
don't know about the shape
to decide something like that you
probably need to think about that
person's qualities
yeah let's see leon's qualities she's
always full of confidence and cool
but she's also really kind he should
think hard about it
i'm sure the more time you spend the
better the item will turn out
yeah i'll try coming up with some ideas
all right i'm done you've done good work
sophie
yeah i'm sure this will be fitting for
leon
it's something you thought of in earnest
i'm sure leon will be happy
i hope so anyway i'll make it now
[Music]
and recipe precise parts
and aries brooch
[Music]
so we got some things we need to make
and let's see
need a pendle room
[Applause]
and i don't know where those is
hindi green
[Music]
okay i guess i can't make that quite yet
now precise parts are
oh those are easy which material should
i choose
uh yeah one of them and
that that
okay so we have the pendant lock but i
don't know about the fancier one
okay yeah that's fine
wow which cauldron okay i'll try this
here i feel like something great
all right this looks cool this reaction
is interesting
[Music]
will this go well i do like the plot
items because i don't really have to
care too much about those things
um
sure yeah this is all done
[Music]
and let's see
[Applause]
i think
that is about all we will do now we have
some stuff we need to deliver
let me just glance over here real quick
in the cafe and see if there's any
requests i might want to pick up while
i'm here request will
oh i can turn those in for a good chunk
of change
um
what does that do
yeah i don't really care about those i
made them to make them
i'll take a thousand money for them
[Music]
these i can certainly turn in a bunch of
actually if we start those by quality
will that get me
better stuff um
i just don't want to use things that
have particularly useful
traits thank you
[Music]
glitch i can beat those i'll grab that
i need to make some pure water i can do
that later
all right we'll go ahead and grab that
it's finally time sophie you'll be
challenging the promotion assignment to
reach the highest rank
this assignment will be very difficult
are you prepared
i'm okay i'm determined although i don't
know if i can really do it or not
but i'll do my best i understand i'll be
waiting
to hear that you've completed it
well there's no time limit i mean i may
as well grab it so that i can do that at
my leisure
head back to the outlet for right now
and that is all we will do for now hope
you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is carsten
let's see we had some events we had to
do
we had to
[Music]
oh yes we had to make the accessory
which we couldn't yet because we don't
have some of the materials
we'll need to explore some of those
other areas we can however
in fact actually let's let's go ahead
and explore some of those areas now
[Music]
sorry for the wait
you're really late huh hello
oh hello plocta are you used to that
body yet
yes thanks to everyone don't worry about
it
yeah we're all friends here thank you
[Music]
you just keep saying thank you what's
wrong today
are you seeing sophie off no plaque is
going to come with us
wait can you fight bacta yes
i believe i'll be of use huh
what kind of weapon do you use this
whoa what's that thing it's awesome
this is how exactly does this work
it's an alchemic drive weapon it moves
according to my will
something like that is possible it seems
alchemy truly is
profound anyway you should be fine
yes just leave it to me we're counting
on you
now let's go gathering
where are we going let's go
up to
[Music]
hmm there might be an encounter trying
to reach there
so we'll give this a try first so we get
that out of the way
what is that
i didn't
[Music]
hey what's that
getting all this hp recovery when i
don't need it
there's something over there receive
some delicious snacks lp recovered well
that was much more useful
[Music]
all right i'll go ahead and use this
i see a gold poonie come here gold pony
[Music]
okay
um
[Music]
yeah we'll go ahead and do that
i just have you attack
[Applause]
and
we'll hold off on that we'll just have
you attack and what skills do you have
target single enemy medium area
[Music]
nullifies an enhancement
performs an attack recovery or support
action
okay
[Applause]
well for right now
[Music]
just attack actually just to be sure
we'll have you attack one of the ones
that's giving a warning
[Music]
that wasn't satisfying well that's that
i think i'm stronger and taller
all right we got some puny balls
and money so let's go back over
grab some of these materials
[Music]
which is what i'm really here for
i don't want to fight the wolves right
now
these materials aren't exactly
spectacular
[Music]
but let's see what we have around here
those are interesting what are those
nitro water
uh let's see if i can work around you
get back over here
just trying to avoid fights if i can in
case i need to save my strength for the
next area
um
[Music]
grab that
let's get some more of that this is
probably going to be more of those
ruined things yeah
get some from that back corner over
there
[Music]
okay got some variety of stuff there
a lot of stuff we already have but that
nitro water is new
where are we going next now let's check
out the foggy woodland
[Music]
use this oh there's a gold thingy over
there i think that represents a chest
represents something
some wood nice high quality wood
one of them things
[Music]
can i get over there um
right past you and see what i can do as
far as that area goes
and these are like barely worth the
effort really
i'll go ahead and do that i'll just have
you attack
[Applause]
the one with more hp
[Music]
[Applause]
half of them are dead by the time she
does that so it only hits one
attacking that was an easy victory
let's continue like this
okay
but how do i
guess i can't get over there at the
moment
something to do later i guess
[Music]
so
still getting some wood and everything
that's useful
always good to get some high quality
materials
though the fact that that area is
blocked off is kind of annoying
this looks easy
yeah i think we're just gonna go with uh
[Applause]
single attacks and assists
[Music]
how do you make sure that one does get
taken care of since it has warning on it
[Music]
there that was an easy victory
let's continue like this
i guess i'll have to figure out
what goes there at some later date
because i can't do
anything with that right now
[Music]
so let's take a look around
this way see if there's anything there i
can look at
doesn't seem like it
[Music]
just seeing if there's any notification
things that i can click on doesn't seem
like it there
where are we going
so that's that
[Music]
i did need to go over
there to fight some enemies
but we will
stop by home first
[Music]
refill items and uh heal up and etc
i did
where can we go next
[Music]
and then i'll need to go to that third
area and that other place
now here all i really care about
is fighting that guy
[Music]
hey except he went away because it's
night time
now there's some more of them that's
okay
[Music]
hey okay
inferior creatures let's end this
yeah this is no problem i'll find a few
to get the
reward up
[Music]
do get some money for those which is
nice
this should be an easy fight not a lot
of money but
it makes up for our traveling costs
[Music]
after a couple it does anyway
i think there's some more over here i'll
fight maybe a couple of them
the hey just getting started this is a
different one actually
it's a shadow a little bit tougher
should still pose no problem
a little bit more money
[Music]
and another chest
any other one of those things around
yeah i'll fight one more of you
it's not for the quest but a little tiny
bit somebody here and there adds up
and it's not like this is really hard
um
i'll see those skills eventually
here i go
[Music]
oh hey leon got a level i feel like
working my art
all right now let's go ahead and head
back
[Music]
i'll turn in that request
what's wrong pluckta are you thinking
about something
yes i'm wondering what i could do to
become stronger
wow that sounds like something a warrior
would say
i think you're plenty strong already no
that's not true
i at least need the power to annihilate
an approaching swarm of dragons in a
single attack
those are some pretty high goals but i
understand the feeling of wanting to get
stronger
you two yeah it would feel really great
to take down a big monster in one hit
like
yeah it would feel great that's not
really the reason but
well that's fine anyway i want more
strength than i have now
strength huh maybe i'll try thinking
about it too
[Music]
okay so we have another quest for plocta
right now
uh we do need to go and
[Music]
deal with the requests welcome which
request will you accept
[Music]
uh that'll hold off until i can make all
of them well probably won't bother
yeah don't bother with that can turn in
those
[Music]
yeah i got plenty of these
um
[Music]
how many of these do i need four of them
yeah we'll do those ones
[Music]
and
there thank you
get some vouchers for that
i need a hundred vouchers
[Music]
hmm we're a foggy woodland
i can fight some of those next time i'm
out and about
i only have one of those need three for
that
where are those located i don't know oh
they're dropped from mobs that explains
why i only have one
welcome i'll see oh i need to check
rumors
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
so what does this say about tessa's
store thank you very much
okay is that thank you
[Music]
really likes cute clothes
is that rumor thank you
[Music]
okay so she doesn't like poisonous
things
welcome okay
[Music]
let's head back to the world map
because i need to check the last area
that other place
where are we going now i also need to
check okay so i need to fight some
things there
but i need to check the last area of
here as well
[Music]
um
i'll go here first
[Music]
kind of run through the first area
probably run through the second area as
well and focus my efforts on the last
two
[Music]
just make sure i have plenty of room for
whatever interesting materials i find
there i'll start with this
[Music]
i should see if i can make a better one
of those too
[Music]
get some nice quality materials from
around here
some of those things which are useful
for
various bombs and such
now we will use this again
[Music]
and see what we can find here
some more of those i had some of those
already but
[Music]
now some spider webs but at least
they're reasonable quality ones
i hope they are
[Music]
well hello i thought i could sneak past
these guys but i guess not
all right
[Music]
this might be tough definitely need to
sole step as soon as possible
that will be after one of them
and
can i hit all of them with that i can
hit three of them with that i will hit
those three with that
[Music]
i'll use this
that miss was very nice
[Music]
ow okay
we need to make sure
nobody dies ideally
actually
you do that
you keep her alive hopefully
and those will all go last um
try to kill him off
you're fine
okay well that's bad
[Music]
okay now 215 and 62
um
oh give it a try
i know i can defeat at least one of them
and if we survive this attack i win
and i didn't well that was somewhat
annoying
[Music]
hey pluckta i thought of a way for you
to get stronger
really sophie what could it be it's a
really easy method here look at this
one hour of running 300 push-up what is
this
it's a special training routine that i
came up with for you
to get stronger i think the best way is
to train your body
if you can do that routine you're
guaranteed to get stronger
um sophie i'm very thankful that you
thought of this for me but
this is a doll's body i don't think
it'll get stronger through exercise
oh right now that you mention it
sorry pluckta i'll try to think of
something else
yes that would be helpful hmm
we used to make a doll's body stronger
huh
yeah i know i lost some stuff but
we kept some of it uh
let's see let's
go ahead and check
check with fritz here see
fritz you really like dolls don't you
what's wrong sophie
why are you asking the obvious all of a
sudden because you're always studying
really passionately about anything
related to dolls
you learned about clothes and wind-up
springs you seem to love dolls from the
bottom of your heart
i see so that's why you ask as you said
i like dolls i love them
i love them so much i'd never stop
working on them and i'll do anything for
them
i've devoted my life to dolls
devoted to your life huh it's amazing
that you can declare something like that
do you like dolzman did you like dolls
when you were a kid
no i only started liking dolls after i
became an adult
that's a little unexpected
while i was still a mercenary traveling
the world i had an opportunity to watch
a puppet show
that puppet show is what caused me to be
totally captivated by dolls
so much so that i quit my mercenary work
and became a doll maker
i see i would have liked to see that
puppet show
oh really i can't say it'll be exactly
the same but i can put on a similar show
for you
wait really yeah all right then in that
case
okay but
what i want to do is proceed further on
that
uh oh i need to kill
some of them
i can probably do that real quick
i'll let some time pass as well
i need to explore various areas
bagel sandwich with fluffy
working until exhausted
[Music]
ice bomb
drilled scar
obtaining tuned cauldron
okay oh and what does
this need
monster for memories and slaying
unliving king
okay
[Music]
now let's real quick go back out and
hopefully do a
slightly more successful expedition up
here
[Music]
just to attack some of those
monsters here
[Music]
not them
there was that no it's not that well
they may be with them powerful enemies
no i don't think these are them
[Music]
but we'll go ahead and
go after these guys here
[Music]
and that does
that's two down already
[Music]
that's painful
all right now we should actually be able
to just take these guys out
[Music]
oh yeah no problem
that's a good chunk of xp and a little
bit of money
a bunch of things too now though we do
need
to
[Music]
heal people up
i'm just trying to spread these around
a bit
[Music]
so i still have most uses of them
there we go
that's not it
[Music]
i hope it's not back behind there
okay we'll fight some of these and pass
the time maybe it's during the day or
[Applause]
something
[Music]
see i don't fight him if i can help but
i do need to
find time until
see if the monsters are different and if
they have the one that i need
after it's daytime
[Music]
around this way that map always throws
me off
okay it's daytime
i can't has different monsters now
[Music]
please
no that's the same
that's the same are these guys rare
spawns or something annoying like that
because that would be quite annoying
[Music]
all right i'll fight one more of these
guys this should be an easy fight
and we'll just kind of go out with
skills because those don't cost anything
to
[Music]
refresh
i won't hold back
yeah that was a piece of cake
yep that's that okay
[Music]
all right well
we'll head back
[Music]
how to get stronger training
plopta wants to get stronger but there's
no point in training with a doll's body
oh i know if there's no point to
exercise
and maybe i can rebuild her body itself
i could use alchemy to synthesize parts
of plaque with other items
and rebuild them obviously i wouldn't
remake the whole thing
but this would definitely make her
stronger all right
i should talk to plota about this
[Music]
you'll synthesize items to rebuild my
body
you've thought of something daring yet
again
what do you think well to be honest
i have no idea how it will turn out
but there should be potential at the
very least it's far better than doing
nothing
then yes let's try it sophie
okay all right then let's get started
please let me know when you're prepared
block to learn the skill modification
you can now use doll making
finally
dr blocked when you wish to choose doll
making we will uh
not do that right now because it's been
over a half an hour
but we finally after
38 episodes unlocked
[Music]
the uh system that
you buy dlc in order to have extra stuff
for
but we will take a look at that next
time hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
you